AEA-1242 Update Q&A section and ledger section in docs (#2193)
fetchai/agents-aea: docs/upgrading.md

> This page provides some tips on how to upgrade AEA projects between versions of the AEA framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page provides some tips on how to upgrade AEA projects between different versions of the AEA framework.
```

> The primary tool to upgrade AEA projects between versions of the AEA framework is the `aea upgrade` command available in the CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary tool for upgrading AEA projects is the `aea upgrade` command in the CLI.
```

> Below we provide additional manual steps required to be taken to upgrade between versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below we provide additional manual steps required to be taken to upgrade between different versions:
```
